DOCSP-35356 field reordering (#123)
mongodb/docs-commandline-tools: source/includes/changelogs/releases/100.9.1.rst

*Released 2023-11-09*

This version updates external dependencies and fixes an issue where mongodump 

> could change the ordering of fields in a view definition. View pipelines and 

Reviewer: Could we just add a link to the ticket in the description? Something like this?

```
This version updates external dependencies and fixes an issue where mongodump 
could change the ordering of fields in a view definition (:issue:`TOOLS-3411`).
```

Author: Sure thing!

View pipelines and schema validation are the only collection options sensitive 
to field ordering. Depending on the contents of the view or validator options, 
the following can change:

- The set of results returned by a view, or

> - The criteria determining which documents are accepted by a validator.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion][ style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/clarify-gerunds-participles/#clarify-gerunds-and-participles) - clarify gerunds and participles
```suggestion
- The criteria that determines which documents are accepted by a validator.
```

Author: Done, thank you!
